hello you Suzanne Lord ahead Irish guy
here I want to take a moment
I gotta put my cotton glove on to make
sure everything is hunky-dory when I do
the coin routine I got a new cornea
what's about to be out of the case
because we're about to do a coin
hey everyone got a 1941 Walking Liberty
half dollar here in my fine studio today
and to celebrate I'm gonna walk with my
Walking Liberty as you can see there
here in this fine studio so this is of
course in circulated condition you can
see some really good detail there's the
Sun and then it says Liberty and it says
In God We Trust and it's 1941 because
that's a year this coin was minted and
then you can see the Liberty lady with
all kinds of stuff on her shoulder and
you look at the side and this one is
it's got a read it coin edge but it's
got some dings in it because it is
circulated and on the back it says
United States of America e pluribus unum
half dollar and then you've got this
eagle it's just like that's the eagle
noise thanks for tuning in and I've got
some other coins that I'll be posting
soon I feel free to check out my coin
and bullion playlist I've got a link in
the video description and also coin
pirate calm it's a free social
networking site for coin and bullion
enthusiasts only and you don't have to
be an expert to use it it's actually a
great place to pick up knowledge from
others thanks for tuning in and have